upper threading SD machines okay let's
get started and see how easy it is to
thread a Toyota RS 2000 single dial
sewing machine but before you can do
that you have to connect the plug of the
foot controller into the plug socket
next insert the power cord to a power
outlet but do not switch it on at this
stage now to thread the machine first
raise the presser foot lever next raise
the take-up lever to its highest
position by rotating the hand wheel
towards you now remove the pull off
cover and pull out the spool pin insert
the shorter side into the machine and
then place a reel of thread onto the
spool pin pass the thread under the
right side hook and under the
pre-tensioned disc from right around the
back out at the left side and under the
front hook lead to thread down the right
side of the upper tension plate through
either side of the tension disk hooks
our thread round and under the guide
lead the thread up to the left side of
the upper tension plate thread the
take-up leader from right to left lead
the thread down the left side of the
upper tension plate pass the thread
through the needle guide
cut the thread at the angle when
threading needle thread the needle from
front to back pull out at 15 centimeters
of thread and place it under the presser
foot towards the back of the sewing
machine your sewing machine has been
delivered to you with the bobbin already
threaded